As an Administrator:

= I want to log in to the database.
  So that I can read and write records directly as needed.
= I want to execute SQL queries directly
  So that I can read and write records directly as needed.
= I want to view the result of queries in a tabular format
  So that I can read the results of my queries.

As a Doctor:

= I want to read patients' data
  So that I can get information to help diagnose the patient.
= I want to record diagnoses
  So that I will have information about the diagnosis of a patient on file for further follow-up care.
= I want to be able to edit diagnoses as information is available
  So that the patient file is up-to-date.
= I want to be able to order lab tests
  So that I can have information crucial to accurately diagnosing of the patient.
= I want to choose from a set of currently available tests
  So that I know what tests I can order.
= I want to be able to remove erroneous or unnecessary tests
  So that the patient file is accurate and only contains relevant information.
= I want to be able to append final diagnoses to the diagnosis

As a Nurse:

= I want to log in to the database.
  So that I can work with the records in the database.
= I want to create records for new patients
  So that patients can be registered in the system.
= I want to setup appointments for patients
  So that patients, nurses, and the doctors know when the patient will come.
= I want to edit patient information
  So that all patient information is accurate and up-to-date.
= I want to record patient checkup status information
  So that the rest of the medical team will be able to have vital statistics available.
= I want to be able to input lab test results
  So that the doctor has all the information needed to make an accurate diagnosis.
= I want to be able to input final diagnoses
  So that the patient’s record is up-to-date and allows for further follow-up if required.
= I want to be able to remove erroneous or unnecessary tests
  So that the patient's record only contains relevant information.
= I want to register which doctor tended to the patient on the visit
  So that the patient’s record is accurate and allows for further follow-up if required.
= I want to search for patients by their information
  So that I can register new appointments or modify their information.
= I want to view/edit appointment details if the appointments are not yet finished
  So that I can reschedule the appointment if necessary.

As a Patient:

= I want to log into the database.
  So that I can register for an appointment.
= I want to register for an appointment without help
  So that I can get an appointment with the doctor.
= I want to register for an appointment with the help of a nurse
  So that I can get assistance with setting up an appointment if I am unable to do it myself.
